[Music]
no two kids pull the ultimate prank on
their principal in Captain Underpants is
it okay that I'm kind of loving this I
will set you free because there was
sacred duty to defend the one Wonder
Woman stars gal gadot as amazon princess
who must help save the world
de la pucelle examine repeaters de
Mestre yes I received a chemical on del
apoyo in three idiotas three guys go on
a search for their long-lost college
buddy who disappeared on graduation day
see with hot in theaters with this
week's anticipation so what's your
weekend to get going to be let us know
by commenting see you next time on
weekend ticket
[Music]